adding community spotlight content to hiring and getting hired guide (#923)
writethedocs/www: docs/community-spotlight/interviews/interview-ravind-kumar.rst

    definitely still feel like I have ownership but it's a little bit more of a shared responsibility.

Advice for the aspiring documentarians in the community
-------------------------------------------------------

    If I were to go back to myself fresh out of college, I think the biggest thing would have been just reminding myself that you 
    have to put your diligence into learning these technologies. It's really not enough to do a surface read. That doesn't get you 
    far enough. That doesn't teach you enough to be able to write about topics in a way that other people will benefit from them. To
    me, that's the differentiating factor between a technical writer and a good technical writer. A good technical writer produces 
    documentation that is useful. A technical writer just produces documentation.

    Another piece of advice I'd give is that users really just want everything up front. They're not looking to have to bounce around
    a lot. That was like an older style where you would link to different pages and expect the user to put that information together. 
    You can still do that, but the expectation now is that it should all just be there.

> Ravind goes by ravind-mongodb on the Write the Docs Slack group. You can find him in the #watercooler and #careeradvice channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ravind goes by `ravind-mongodb` on the Write the Docs Slack group. You can find him in the #watercooler and #career-advice channels.
```
